all right so this is one of the
most useful tips that i've found for
rendering in after effects so
i have comp 2 selected command shift
and forward slash for sending to
render queue then
the first one you don't even really have
to touch just leave it as is
and then output module you go in
and you're going to pick quicktime and
then format options
hopefully not animation that would take
forever
and uh yeah
dnxhd codec right there
then we go into kodak settings
and go to rgb and
change this one to 1080
23 36 8 bit
and say okay
okay again all right
and uh whether or not you wanna i'll put
the audio
it's up to you i rather not i'll bring
this into
uh premiere and i'll refine it later so
that's how i usually go but if you make
changes inside after effects it's
probably good to have the audio
coming back in i think i deleted those
layers anyways but
anyhow so
then output not yet specified you can
say
composite one
it's going to be a mov wherever it goes
and then save and then it's important
that you save the file
save the after effects file
now on the mac you go
and quicksilver and type in
terminal and then you open a
terminal
so once terminal is open then
i usually do a quick silver search which
is command and spacebar
a render
all right there you go drag the a render
into here type in space
dash project this is a flag for the
render
and then you go on the finder
deposit tutorial star file
that's the file that i'm working with so
i'll drag that file into
here and
push enter and let after effects do his
thing
i've read places that said that this is
about
40 faster but the beauty of it
is that after effects is still
alive you don't have to do anything else
you can still work on your project while
you're doing this so
that's it that's all i have to say on
this one